Add tests for time conversions in tools package (#2341)
pvlib/pvlib-python: docs/sphinx/source/whatsnew/v0.11.3.rst

~~~~~~~~~~~~

Bug Fixes
~~~~~~~~~

> * Ensure proper tz and pytz types in pvlib.location.Location. tz becomes the
>   single source of time-zone truth, is the single time-zone setter interface,
>   and the getter consistently returns an IANA string. datetime.tzinfo
>   subclasses are fully supported in tz setter. pytz attribute becomes read
>   only. (:issue:`2340`, :pull:`2341`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Ensure proper tz and pytz types in pvlib.location.Location.
```

Ensuring types is a bug fix. The remainder describes an API change that should be announced elsewhere. Not really an enhancement, so maybe we put the rest of this note in the "Breaking changes" section, because one can no longer set a value for `.pytz`.

Author: @cwhanse Lmk if my `whatsnew` change for this looks ok.

> * Ensure proper tz and pytz types in pvlib.location.Location. To ensure that
>   the time zone in pvlib.location.Location remains internally consistent
>   if/when the time zone is updated, the tz attribute is now the single source
>   of time-zone truth, is the single time-zone setter interface, and its getter 
>   returns an IANA string. (:issue:`2340`, :pull:`2341`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The pvlib.location.Location.tz attribute can be initialized with an `int` or
  a whole-number `float`. (:issue:`2340`, :pull:`2341`)
```
I really don't think this is the place to describe how the interface is changed.

Reviewer 2: Seems to me like the "bug fix" here is not to do with what types are allowed, but rather that `Location` now ensures consistency between its `tz` and `pytz` attributes.

Author: It's both. My memory is already fading, but I'm pretty sure a non-string value could be assigned to `pvlib.location.Location.tz`, and in addition to that this value and `pvlib.location.Location.pttz` could diverge.

Author: My remaining concern here is to capture the reasoning behind a breaking interface change somewhere for posterity. If this can live somewhere else, I'm all for it.

Documentation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Testing
~~~~~~~

> * Add tests for timezone types in pvlib.location.Location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add tests for all input types for the pvlib.location.Location.tz attribute.
```

  (:issue:`2340`, :pull:`2341`)

> * Add tests for time conversions in pvlib.tools. (:issue:`2340`, :pull:`2341`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add tests for time conversion functions in pvlib.tools. (:issue:`2340`, :pull:`2341`)
```

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

> * Mark Campanellli (:ghuser:`markcampanelli`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Mark Campanelli (:ghuser:`markcampanelli`)
```

* asv 0.4.2 upgraded to asv 0.6.4 to fix CI failure due to pinned older conda.
  (:pull:`2352`)

Breaking Changes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> * To ensure that the time zone in pvlib.location.Location remains internally
>   consistent if/when the time zone is updated, the tz attribute becomes the
>   single source of time-zone truth, is the single time-zone setter interface,
>   and its getter consistently returns an IANA string. datetime.tzinfo
>   subclasses (including time zones from pytz and zoneinfo) are still fully
>   supported in the tz setter, but the pytz attribute becomes read only.
>   (:issue:`2340`, :pull:`2341`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The pytz attribute of pvlib.location.Location is now read only. Use the tz attribute
  to record time zone. The pytz attribute is internally updated if the tz attribute
  is changed. The tz attribute 
* The tz attribute of pvlib.location.Location now returns an IANA string.
  (:issue:`2340`, :pull:`2341`)
```
I think the focus of this note should be on how the changes will affect user code.

Author: I updated the whatsnew, trying to focus on the breaking change and its workaround, and also trying to provide the context behind the associated bugfix.

Reviewer: Working on a second round of suggestions. The bug was that the docstring allowed for `tz` to be an int or float but inputs of those types weren't tested. The bug text in the last commit doesn't communicate that user code wasn't producing erroneous results.

* asv 0.4.2 upgraded to asv 0.6.4 to fix CI failure due to pinned older conda.
  (:pull:`2352`)

Breaking Changes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> * The pytz attribute in pvlib.location.Location is now read only. pytz time
>   zones can still be passed to tz in the object initializer and in the tz
>   setter after object creation. (:issue:`2340`, :pull:`2341`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The pvlib.location.Location.pytz attribute is now read only. The
  pytz attribute is now set internally to be consistent with the
  pvlib.location.Location.tz attribute. (:issue:`2340`, :pull:`2341`)
```
Maybe less technical would help.
